# User Characteristics

A general user should have a basic understanding of reading and writing in the language of the app,this is essential for understanding how to operate the different interfaces of the application.  While noage restriction is enforced, a general user is assumed to be of a minimum age of 12 years this isgenerally the age where the user understands how to interact and navigate basic moderntechnologies.

## User Personas

1. **An Elderly Person:** A  user  that  is  75  years  of  age  and  above  may  find  it  hard  to  navigate  the  interfaces  of  a smartphone and will require assistance from the waiters to help them register under a specifictable, order a meal, explanation on how to track the meal and lastly how to pay securely throughthe app.  Minimum experience and education level is expected from this user.
2. **Waiter:** This group of users will range from novice to expert users of modern smart devices.  For thenovice  users  an  intermediate  level  of  education  is  expected  from  them.   Thorough  training  ofthe application’s interfaces will have to be provided to them, while the expert users will receivebasic explanation on how to explore all crucial features of the application for maximum results.It is assumed they have a high level of experience with similar applications.
3. **Regular Customer:** This user will have the most level of experience with regards to the operation of the application’sinterfaces.  They are assumed to be familiar with most of the functionality of the application.They are expected to make use of all the features of the application without any help.
4. **Casual Customer:** Due to the short term usage of the application by a casual customer, it is assumed they haveintermediate knowledge and experience with the application.  They may know how to do basicfunctionality of the application,  and are typically not interested in learning more due to onlyusing the app for the sole purpose of getting their order as quickly as possible.
5. **Young adult:** This user is assumed to be competent with technology, and will be able to utilize the app withlittle to no help.  They are assumed to be most likely to use the augmented reality aspect of theapp and are more likely to interchangeably use cash and the in app payment system.
